README:  Garuda

    This is the Garuda 1.0 beta distribution.

RCS: @(#) $Id: $

Contents
--------

    1. Introduction
    2. Documentation
    3. Compiling and Installing Garuda
    4. Loading and Using Garuda

1. Introduction
---------------

Eagle (Extensible Adaptable Generalized Logic Engine) is an implementation of
the Tcl scripting language for the Common Language Runtime (CLR).

Garuda (Eagle Package for Tcl) is a stubs-enabled native package for Tcl that
provides any application using Tcl full access to components written for the
Common Language Runtime (CLR).

Garuda is maintained, enhanced, and distributed freely by the Eagle community
(which may have some degree of cross-membership with the Tcl community).  The
home for the Eagle sources and the bug/patch database is:

    https://eagle.to/cgi-bin/eagle

with the Eagle web site hosted at:

    https://eagle.to/

Garuda is a freely available open source package.  You can do virtually
anything you like with it, such as modifying it, redistributing it, and selling
it either in whole or in part.  See the file "license.terms" for complete
information.

2. Documentation
----------------

Documentation is a work in progress.

3. Compiling and Installing Garuda
----------------------------------

The sources may be built from inside the Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 (or
higher) integrated development environment.  Alternatively, they may be built
using the corresponding command line build environment.

Installing this package requires Tcl 8.4 or higher.  To install Garuda, copy
the distribution files to a directory and make sure that directory is listed in
the Tcl "auto_path" variable.

4. Loading and Using Garuda
---------------------------

Loading and using this package requires Tcl 8.4 or higher and the latest
release of Eagle.  To load Garuda, execute the following Tcl command:

    package require Garuda

By default, this will load and startup the CLR, setup the bridge to Eagle, and
provide the package to the Tcl interpreter.

After the package has been loaded, the [garuda] command can be used to query
and control various aspects of the bridge between Eagle and Tcl.

After the bridge between Eagle and Tcl has been setup, the [eagle] command can
be used to evaluate Eagle scripts.
